hey geeks open up rows and cons today
we're going to be learning how to make
star butterflies wand from star versus
the forces of evil the materials are
gonna need are some kind of foam
insulation board this is really good for
just general purpose I got the half-inch
thick I also got piece of an inch thick
so this is gonna basically be the core
you're also gonna need a PVC pipe I
chose the half-inch because it fit in my
hand very nicely I probably won't need
this entire link another thing you're
gonna need is a hot knife you don't have
to have this but this is really good for
cutting through that foam and makes it a
lot easier to cut than a utility knife
would another thing that you're probably
gonna need is a dremel or a rotary tool
you're also going to need a compass and
a ruler because what the first step is
is you're gonna take your compass and
measure out about four inches a four
inch circle cut that out out of your
thick foam board we're also gonna cut
two more four inch circles out of the
half-inch thick and then we're also
going to cut three three inch circles
now the reason I say three three inch
circles is because I haven't decided if
I'm gonna need that third circle to kind
of round out the back so the next thing
you're gonna do is you're gonna take
your hot knife I'm gonna finish cutting
this last bit of the circle you want to
stay on your traced lines
we are finish cutting it so now we're
gonna get some wood glue and glue these
pieces together and let them sit for a
while
just want to do a thin thin layer so
maybe just not even much just like a
line all right now this is gonna take at
least a few hours to dry then we're
gonna take one of the circles all the
extra dust and junk off of it and just
squish it together so it's been about
two hours as you can see they're not
moving and I think we're ready to start
shaping them look what you're just gonna
do is kind of just let you know this is
gonna make a lot of mess after a lot of
grading down and stuff this is the shape
we now have I'm gonna sand it down with
some sandpaper and make it a little bit
smoother and then we're gonna seal it
with some wood glue it's been about a
day I shaved down a little bit more of
the size because I realized it was a
little bit too big so the next step is
I'm gonna take our wood glue just start
to paint layers on just disk now this is
gonna be a fairly lengthy process
because you're gonna paint a layer wait
till it's good and dry and paint another
layer and another layer and another
layer so it's it's gonna take at least a
day or two to do this part now as you
can see I left the middle bare because I
totally forgot to stick the wand handle
in kind of line this up roughly to where
I want it to be draw a line on there so
that way I know where to cut it and now
we're gonna go outside and cut it
basically what I did was I just found
the best angle from both sides and so I
mark that with a dot and that's what
we're gonna drill I'm going to take the
pipe trace around the pipe be completely
coated this in wood glue but about four
layers on the actual wand part and only
a layer on here just so that way the
gesso will stick nice to it so I went
and got some craft foam and I traced out
the wings I'm gonna cut them out and
surround them with worbla which is a
heat moldable material I have the worbla
cutouts and so basically just wrap them
around each other and if you'll notice
there's a kind of a glossy side to them
that's kind of that help stick them to
each other and you see how it just kind
of sticks together and basically what
we're gonna do is we're just gonna kind
of keep molding it we're gonna go around
and make it softer right now we just
want to seal in the foam so this is
pretty much what our two wings look like
and what I did was as you gets kind of
see is I traced lines here because
that's where the wings are gonna go and
so what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
take my rotary tool and kind of drill in
there a little bit so that way I can
stick them in there and glue them in and
that way they'll be stable and nice and
fit nicely into this and then we can
wood glue cover everything and then
start just sewing alright geeks so I
thought my camera was recording while I
was putting the wings in but it was not
but this is basically our final product
this is pretty much as far as we're
going to get in this video next video
we're gonna just know it and sand it
down
and basically show you some painting
techniques and don't forget to follow
and subscribe and I'll see y'all in a
fortnight